---
published: true
title: Release 11
---

Our next release has just gone live.

New features
------------------
* Crop approval flash alert for wranglers upon sign in
* Added Bootstrap accessibility plugin

Technical improvements
------------------
* Removed redundant code from our crowdfunder last year
* Remove warnings and debugging puts from rspec output 
* Add capybara-screenshot to assist with feature testing
* Use standardized & translateable strings for the photo show page 
* Stop hard-coding strings for pagination
* Refactor photo controller create for readability
* Updated Gemfile.lock for Code Climate inclusion
* Add code climate to README
* Add config/factory_girl.rb so that rspec doesn't fail with a confusing 'Could not find mapping for #<Member...' error. This happens when you make significant changes to a controller then re-run rspec. It's a Factory Girl / rspec caching issue. It's only a problem for devs running rspec locally, not Travis.
* Precompile css and js with sass
* Moving database.yml and adding gitignore to make it easier for different dev setups
* Issue 690 Switch on CMS and remove old files

Bug fixes
------------------
* Aligned links properly on "Forgot password" page, "Resend confirmation" and "Resend unlock" pages
* Add a location not set layout so that your profile page still looks sensible if you don't have a location set
* Display one line of description in harvest card, then go to ellipsis
* Capture originalText from the button that's been clicked, not from the array of all possible date-picker buttons.
* Make seed card heading link to seed page and add owner link.
* Set background color on autocomplete dropdown.
* Swap over to having "(Optional)" (or translation) after optional form elements rather than using placeholder text, so it's better for screenreaders
* Clip long text in definition lists within panels 
* Improve nearby places links 
* Improve the styling of a planting to be more like the other card-layouts 
* Darken navbar item text when it opens (and the background turns light) to make it more readable
* Fix mailchimp newsletter subscriptions - this won't take effect until we have MailChimp working again, but when we do, it will allow us to send out newsletters to everyone.
* Fix "duplicated key: :class" warning in HAML code
